<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
	<title>MakeOpenSource</title>
    
	<link rel="icon" type="image" href=""/>

    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">

  </head>

  <body>
    <!-- navigation -->

    <nav>
        <a href="/"><img src="/static/icon.png"></a>
        <a href="/announcements">Announcements</a>
        <a href="/about">About</a>
        <a href="/github">GitHub</a>
        <a href="/discord">Discord</a>
	</nav>

	<div>
<h1>Announcements</h1>

    <p>
        02-21-2022<br>
        <b>ProminentOperator</b><br>
        @everyone quick reminder, we have our weekly meeting tonight at 5pm in Obrian 5!
        <br>
        
            
                👀 2
            
        
            
                😡 1
            
        
    </p>

    <p>
        02-14-2022<br>
        <b>ProminentOperator</b><br>
        @everyone reminder that our first meeting is tonight at 5pm in Obrian 5! It’s in the basement, if you have trouble locating it feel free to reach out to one of us :)
        <br>
        
            
                👀 1
            
        
            
                <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/930850809174974534.png" width="15" height="15"> 1
            
        
            
                <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/856416669047193630.png" width="15" height="15"> 1
            
        
            
                🎉 2
            
        
    </p>

    <p>
        02-11-2022<br>
        <b>ProminentOperator</b><br>
        Hey @everyone!<br>Our weekly meetings will be Mondays @5pm in Obrian 5! (The ACM hackspace)<br><br>Looking forward to see you all there :)
        <br>
        
            
                😃 5
            
        
            
                <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/930850809174974534.png" width="15" height="15"> 2
            
        
    </p>

    <p>
        02-03-2022<br>
        <b>ProminentOperator</b><br>
        ❄️ Welcome back @everyone! We're very excited to continue hosting events and meetings in the Spring session :)<br><br>We're hosting our first General Body Meeting of the semester on Monday , February 7th, from 5 pm – 6 pm at <b>Baldy 109</b>. Hope to see you all there!<br>UBLinked: <a href="https://buffalo.campuslabs.com/engage/event/7766340">https://buffalo.campuslabs.com/engage/event/7766340</a><br><br>Stay tuned for updates about weekly meetings, we hope to release a schedule by the General Body Meeting<br><br>It's snowing a lot outside, so stay safe!
        <br>
        
            
                <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/930850809174974534.png" width="15" height="15"> 8
            
        
            
                <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/856416669047193630.png" width="15" height="15"> 7
            
        
            
                🥳 4
            
        
    </p>

    <p>
        01-16-2022<br>
        <b>ProminentOperator</b><br>
        🐬 Hey @everyone, I wanted to post a few updates!<br><br>1. quick reminder that we posted our when2meet form for the Spring semester here (please fill it out if you get the chance!): <a href="https://www.when2meet.com/?14071698-3HKPG">https://www.when2meet.com/?14071698-3HKPG</a><br><br>2. I'm going to cancel Tuesday's meeting. We don't really have any new updates for the club aside from the good progress we've made on our projects. Our priority is to continue that progress and prepare to transition to Spring semester!<br><br>3. This is going to be the last official week of meetings and work sessions over the winter break. <i>That being said, if you'd like to have the space/time set aside to work on projects, I'd be happy to have some informally hosted work sessions next week (feel free to ping me about that)</i><br><br>Thanks for reading :)
        <br>
        
            
                <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/930850809174974534.png" width="15" height="15"> 3
            
        
            
                <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/856416669047193630.png" width="15" height="15"> 3
            
        
            
                🎉 3
            
        
    </p>

    <p>
        01-08-2022<br>
        <b>ProminentOperator</b><br>
        🐙 Hi @everyone!<br>We're planning out Spring semester <i>early</i>, so we'd like to poll people's availability next semester<br><br>Here's a when2meet form we set up, <a href="https://www.when2meet.com/?14071698-3HKPG">https://www.when2meet.com/?14071698-3HKPG</a><br>We'll leave this open for a week or two and use the results to finalize events for the Spring<br><br><i>Next week we're continuing our meetings at the same times we announced above, I'm excited to see you all there :)</i>
        <br>
        
    </p>

    <p>
        01-01-2022<br>
        <b>ProminentOperator</b><br>
        🐳 Hey @everyone!<br>Happy new year! 🥳 I hope everyone had a fantastic holiday<br><br>Our weekly meetings will be as follows:<br><br>(general) Tuesdays: 2pm<br>(work session) Wednesdays: 2pm<br>(work session) Thursdays: 2pm<br><br><i>I'm putting the start times with the expectation that these events will start at an expected time, and last for however long people want to stay, usually about an hour or two.</i><br><br>I'm excited to see everyone soon :)
        <br>
        
            
                <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/889568829796143155.png" width="15" height="15"> 6
            
        
            
                🎉 5
            
        
    </p>

    <p>
        12-21-2021<br>
        <b>ProminentOperator</b><br>
        <:mos:856416669047193630> Hey @everyone!<br><b>MakeOpenSource is back during winter break!</b><br>After a short hiatus during finals week, we're ready to continue our events, meetings, and programming sessions :)<br><br><i>To ensure that everyone can attend, please fill out this form to mark your availability. <a href="https://www.when2meet.com/?13950423-LNTsQ</i>">https://www.when2meet.com/?13950423-LNTsQ</i></a><br><br>The weekly format will be as follows:<br><b>One weekly meeting</b>: Led by MOS staff, we will go over what we accomplished, and what we'd like to do moving forward<br><b>Two work sessions per week</b>: A solid chunk of 2-3 hours put aside specifically to work on our projects<br><br>If you want to get involved but don't know where to start, send a message in <#816373517025148938> and we'll help you get started!
        <br>
        
            
                🥳 6
            
        
            
                <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/910700927856541707.png" width="15" height="15"> 5
            
        
    </p>

    <p>
        11-29-2021<br>
        <b>ProminentOperator</b><br>
        🦩 Hey @everyone!<br>As announced before the break, we have our final General Body meeting tomorrow! As discussed in the previous announcement, we will be recapping the semester, and talking about operating in the winter and spring semesters. Details are below.<br><br><b>Date</b>: Tuesday, Nov 30th<br><b>Location</b>: Baldy 108<br><b>Time</b>: 5:30 pm - 6:30 pm<br><br>I hope to see you all there!
        <br>
        
            
                🥳 4
            
        
            
                🎊 3
            
        
    </p>

    <p>
        11-22-2021<br>
        <b>ProminentOperator</b><br>
        🦃  @everyone<br><br>As I'm sure you're all aware, Thanksgiving weekend is this week. Please use the time to relax and take a break, you all deserve it! MakeOpenSource will not be hosting any events or meetings until next Monday :)<br><br><b>General Body Meeting</b><br>The Tuesday we come back, we're planning to have our final General Body Meeting! We hope to recap our semester and look back on the progress we've made on our projects. For those of you who are interested in contributing in the winter, we'll talk about how we're going to keep running as a club during the break. And finally, we'll mention our plans moving forward. <br><br>I hope to see you all there!
        <br>
        
            
                <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/903780061025542165.png" width="15" height="15"> 5
            
        
    </p>

    <p>
        11-17-2021<br>
        <b>ProminentOperator</b><br>
        @everyone<br>ACM has an awesome presentation on rendering concepts, details in <#816372306519261214> <br>I'm going to be there, I hope to see some of you there too :)
        <br>
        
            
                🙌 4
            
        
    </p>

    <p>
        11-10-2021<br>
        <b>bicknrown</b><br>
        @everyone Pronoun and project roles are finally here! Checkout <#895429056768643093> to see whats new!<br><br>I would also like to take this time to ask that if you feel comfortable setting your nickname to your preferred name, we encourage you to do so, putting names to faces is much easier this way, but this NOT mandatory.<br><br>As always, if any of you have feedback for us, don’t hesitate to let us know!
        <br>
        
            
                <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/864989245232250890.png" width="15" height="15"> 4
            
        
            
                👨 3
            
        
            
                🧑 2
            
        
            
                👩 2
            
        
    </p>

    <p>
        11-05-2021<br>
        <b>bicknrown</b><br>
        Hello @everyone! You may have noticed some changes to the discord server, and well, there are!<br>We have had a lot of internal discussion of how the club should be run, and how we should communicate this to all of you.<br>Being an open source development club, we have gone back and forth about how planning should be done, how internal disputes should be handled, and we have come to the conclusion that: there is no reason not to include all of you in those discussions!<br>The changes that we have implemented so far are as follows:<br><br>CALENDAR AND ONEDRIVE!<br>We have internally had a OneDrive for resources, and a calendar for planning, now that is accessible to you all in <#816372402228297779> !<br>(if it's on the calendar, you may attend!)<br><br>NEW <#816372402228297779> CHANNEL!<br>The rules still live here, as well as all of the resources that may be helpful!<br><br>NEW <#906195427936833547> CHANNEL!<br>This channel is designed for planning almost anything club related; whether that be meetings, new project ideas, budget related things, you name it.<br><br>NEW <#904723093451337829> CHANNEL!<br>To keep the flow of ideas and motivation going, we wanted to keep everyone up to date with what each project is doing, and so whenever you make an issue, fork a repo, make a pull request, everyone can see the work that you're doing, and hopefully be motivated to help and contribute!<br><br>NEW <#887066535556943922> CHANNEL!<br>This channel is designed for any out of scope club related development, like the website, or otherwise.<br><br>Our goal is to be involved with what you all are doing, and have you all involved with what we are doing, so please do let us know if there are ways we can further this initiative! We are always open to feedback!
        <br>
        
            
                🙌 3
            
        
            
                <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/856398156412747836.png" width="15" height="15"> 3
            
        
            
                <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/889568829796143155.png" width="15" height="15"> 3
            
        
    </p>

    <p>
        10-25-2021<br>
        <b>ProminentOperator</b><br>
        hey @everyone 👋 <br>We're rolling out official weekly meetings for projects, details are below! We now have dedicated rooms for our meetings too. Moving forward we want to be very communicative about our goals and progress moving forward, so these meetings will be an awesome way for everyone to get involved, and make progress on projects!<br><br>Our initial meetings will be as follows, we'll make announcements for any changes<br><br>Operating System: Wednesday October 27th, 5pm - 6pm in the <i>Hackspace<br>ClassicRPG: Thursday October 28th, 4pm - 5pm in the </i>Hackspace<br>Authenticator: Friday October 29th, 4pm - 5pm in the <i>Hackspace<br></i>Stay tuned for info about our next General Body Meeting<i><br><br></i>ACM has generously given us permission to use the hackspace during these times while we schedule our rooms for the future, be sure to check them out at <a href="https://ubacm.org/">https://ubacm.org/</a> :)<br><br>* the ACM Hackspace is located in O'Brian 5: Find the staircase on either side of the building and head downstairs to the basement
        <br>
        
            
                🙌 6
            
        
            
                ⬆️ 4
            
        
            
                ❤️ 6
            
        
    </p>

    <p>
        10-10-2021<br>
        <b>ProminentOperator</b><br>
        @everyone<br>I want to update everyone on the status of all 3 of our projects so we're all on the same page 😄 <br><br><#883548135723507712>  🔒 <br>----------------<br>Issues and tasks have been released! There are two programming issues, a few documentation issues, and a couple of general issues. Jumping on any one of these issues is a great way to start contributing, even if the issues are small you'll get an idea of the contributing process! I look forward to seeing all your contributions.<br><a href="https://github.com/makeopensource/Authenticator">https://github.com/makeopensource/Authenticator</a><br><br><#883547984380440606>  🎮 <br>-------------<br>We have the documentation completed! We're working on getting issues out by next Friday, so we're excited to see everyone's contributions.<br><br><#887204344024404018> (distribution) 🖥️ <br>---------------------<br><@!477476337750376495> is taking the lead to complete documentation. We plan on posting issues in 2-3 weeks!<br><br>Rules 🔖 <br>----------<br>We're working on a new set of rules! We set them to the join screen, and will publish them to <#816372402228297779> soon!<br><br>Thank you all for being so patient with the club. We have a lot of ideas moving forward and a couple of exciting events coming up soon, so sit tight!
        <br>
        
            
                <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/856398702938554438.png" width="15" height="15"> 4
            
        
            
                🎮 4
            
        
            
                <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/856416669047193630.png" width="15" height="15"> 7
            
        
            
                <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/856416237797900321.png" width="15" height="15"> 3
            
        
    </p>

    <p>
        10-05-2021<br>
        <b>ProminentOperator</b><br>
        @everyone<br><b>FINALLY</b><br><br>🔒  2fa --> Authenticator<br><a href="https://github.com/makeopensource/Authenticator">https://github.com/makeopensource/Authenticator</a><br><br>📘  Design Doc is RELEASED<br><a href="https://github.com/makeopensource/Authenticator/wiki">https://github.com/makeopensource/Authenticator/wiki</a><br><br><:github:856399752618967060>  Issues for 2fa are out, grab them while you can!<br><br>❓ We're going to be using forks for these issues, refer to our GitHub slides if you need clarification, and ask lots of questions! <br><br>React with ✅ if you forked the repo!
        <br>
        
            
                ❤️ 6
            
        
            
                🥳 2
            
        
    </p>

    <p>
        10-01-2021<br>
        <b>ProminentOperator</b><br>
        @everyone Here's the React Native presentation recording, enjoy! <a href="https://buffalo.zoom.us/rec/share/vhtGGPkV_Jxu-yRKtDM2gbowfDGWti3twQcS2OSuzM2wGsV-3hK7Iw4yavAcYXc5.WSP1WAFvYbWvWYAu">https://buffalo.zoom.us/rec/share/vhtGGPkV_Jxu-yRKtDM2gbowfDGWti3twQcS2OSuzM2wGsV-3hK7Iw4yavAcYXc5.WSP1WAFvYbWvWYAu</a>
        <br>
        
    </p>

    <p>
        10-01-2021<br>
        <b>wadam</b><br>
        hey guys!! just letting anyone interested in coming to the react native event know that it got last minute moved to <i><b>BALDY 115</b></i><br>sorry for the confusion, they literally just emailed us
        <br>
        
    </p>

    <p>
        09-29-2021<br>
        <b>ProminentOperator</b><br>
        @everyone<br>We officially scheduled our <b>2FA + React Native workshop</b>, details below! The information in this workshop will be interesting to anyone curious about security or application development, so even if you're not part of the team feel free to join us :)<br><br><b>Event:</b> 2FA + React-Native workshop<br><b>Location:</b> Baldy 121<br><b>Date:</b> Friday, October 1st<br><b>Time:</b> 4:00 pm - 5:00 pm<br><i>Bring your laptops to follow along, no setup required!</i>
        <br>
        
            
                <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/858891046117310475.png" width="15" height="15"> 5
            
        
    </p>

    <p>
        09-22-2021<br>
        <b>ProminentOperator</b><br>
        @everyone<br>A couple of new events were just posted in <#883548135723507712> and <#887204344024404018> that are specific to the projects!<br><br><b>2FA App</b><br><a href="https://www.when2meet.com/?12976999-bc64A">https://www.when2meet.com/?12976999-bc64A</a><br>We're planning a React Native workshop. Be sure to <b>fill the when2meet form in the link above</b>. We plan on going over basic things you need to be able to develop and contribute to the project. We'll also go over encryption techniques and a general structural overview of how 2fa apps work.<br><br><b>Operating System</b><br><a href="https://www.when2meet.com/?12973943-Y57To">https://www.when2meet.com/?12973943-Y57To</a><br>Operating System is planning a meeting, be sure to <b>fill the when2meet form in the link above</b> to schedule a good time for that.<br><br><i>Design Documents are out on the website for all projects! If you need edit access, feel free to request it within google drive, or reach out in the channel for the project writing the doc</i>
        <br>
        
            
                🚀 7
            
        
    </p>

    <p>
        09-22-2021<br>
        <b>wadam</b><br>
        Hi Everyone!! UB Society and Computing (SoCo) is having their first speaker event of the Fall 2021 semester today, Wednesday the 22nd in Davis 338A at 7:00pm! If you are interested in learning about fake news, disinformation on social media, and what can be done about it, come join us in welcoming Mark Bartholomew this evening! Also follow on Instagram @ub.soco !!
        <br>
        
            
                🙌 3
            
        
    </p>

    <p>
        09-21-2021<br>
        <b>ProminentOperator</b><br>
        @everyone <br>Hey everyone 👋 Just a reminder that we have our first General Body Meeting <b>today</b> in <b>Knox 20</b> from <b>5:00 pm - 7:00 pm</b>, details are in the post directly above! If you have any questions, feel free to ask in <#816373517025148938> and we'll be sure to get back to you asap.
        <br>
        
            
                <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/889568829796143155.png" width="15" height="15"> 6
            
        
            
                👍 5
            
        
            
                😩 8
            
        
    </p>

    <p>
        09-14-2021<br>
        <b>wadam</b><br>
        @everyone <br>Hey MakeOpenSource members! I'm excited to announce our first <b>General Body Meeting!</b> Details for the event are:<br>Location: <b>Knox 20</b><br>Date: <b>Tuesday September 21st</b><br>Time: <b>5:00 pm - 7:00 pm</b><br><br> At our meeting, we will discuss our two planned projects, and some very exciting new additions to the club. We've seen a lot of growth so far, and we're excited to show you what we have in the pipeline. React to this message with a 👍  if you plan to attend!
        <br>
        
            
                👍 61
            
        
            
                💯 3
            
        
            
                🌎 1
            
        
            
                🌬️ 1
            
        
            
                🔥 1
            
        
            
                <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/856416669047193630.png" width="15" height="15"> 2
            
        
    </p>

    <p>
        09-09-2021<br>
        <b>ProminentOperator</b><br>
        @everyone A number of you requested access to the slides from yesterday's Git Workshop, so here you go :)<br><a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1vhIm00OUr5RXDN6r-1LSuAF0T2NLdw1TzIVv6EZG1P0/edit?usp=sharing">https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1vhIm00OUr5RXDN6r-1LSuAF0T2NLdw1TzIVv6EZG1P0/edit?usp=sharing</a><br>*changed link to work with non-@buffalo.edu emails
        <br>
        
            
                👍 9
            
        
    </p>

    <p>
        09-08-2021<br>
        <b>wadam</b><br>
        @everyone <br>Hi everyone! Tonight is our Git workshop for anyone who wants to come learn how to contribute to our projects! We'll be in Knox 109 at 7PM! There is a slight chance it may move to zoom, any updates will be posted here. Looking forward to seeing you all there!!!
        <br>
        
            
                😃 7
            
        
            
                💯 4
            
        
    </p>

    <p>
        09-03-2021<br>
        <b>wadam</b><br>
        @everyone<br>It's exciting to be making the first big announcement! We had no idea the club was going to take off the way that it did, and so we stepped back for a few days and brainstormed pretty hard about how to move forward in a way that would help keep everyone involved. Anyway, here are our plans for the next few weeks, and how you can contribute:<br><br><b>Git Workshop</b><br>We know a lot of new members may not have the most experience with git or working on open source projects, and we wanted to have a workshop to kickstart project contributions. We're planning a git workshop at <b>7PM on Wednesday, September 8th</b>. The event should be held in <b>Knox 109</b>, but if we lose the room the workshop will be moved online.<br><br><b>Classic Text-Based RPG</b> and <b>Two-Factor Authentication App</b><br>Shortly after this announcement, several channels are going to go up in a new `development` category. We will post scheduling information for the planning meetings in the channel for each project. Stay tuned for more info!<br><br><b>Website Development</b><br>As many of you have probably found, our website is only _mostly_ working perfectly. We're looking for a handful (2-4) of developers with experience with web development, specifically django, who can help us get the finishing touches set up. If you're interested, please send a direct message on discord to <@!554036879444541440>.<br><br>I hope to see all of you at the git workshop and project planning meetings soon!
        <br>
        
            
                🙌 11
            
        
            
                <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/559834960920313895.png" width="15" height="15"> 5
            
        
    </p>

    <p>
        05-30-2021<br>
        <b>bicknrown</b><br>
        yo
        <br>
        
            
                👋 5
            
        
    </p>


</div>

  </body>
</html>